Subject Mentor training – November 2023 
=======================
 
* Below is an outline of the 1 hour session (3-4pm) with Subject Mentors on Friday 10th November 2023. 
* This has the potential to be extended to 1.5 hours during the virtual session on Monday 13th November. 
* The intention is not to have any specific slides showing, but to pull up/draw upon pages from the e-Portfolio where relevant. 
* Throughout there is a focus on the subject within the broader context of the areas being considered. 

A suggested order and content for the session is: 
 
1. What goes into your 1 hour mentor meeting?
    * What are you finding is the structure you use for your meeting? Why?
    * What are you finding works? Why?
    * What dominates? Why?
2. How are you and your student engaging with the curriculum as part of your work together?
    * Mentor prompts/foci on the weekly mentor pages
    * Spotlight Question (SQ) overview pages
        * tasks
        * readings
        * focus of SP days
        * Linking in uni days into discussions
3. What should the Subject Mentor be checking?
    * QAing the ePortfolio
    * Reminder that (beyond emails and placement visits) the ePortfolio is the only way we get to interact with your mentoring and student work on placement
    * Reminder of what SM should be checking weekley now and as placement progress's
4. How do you work with your student teacher to set targets?
    * How do you go about setting targets?
        * Pose board question and get feedback
    * Remind/introduce target fom previous subject specific ePortfolios. 
        * Critique these for strength and possible improvements
        * [[_targets]]
    * How are you checking what is written by students QA-ing
    * How can this process be enhanced moving forwards?
5. How are you working with your student teacher to ensure they have effectively reflected in their ePortfolios
    * When and how are they reflecting in the Weekley Mentor Journal pages? What is the process?
    * How can this process be enhanced moving forwards?


My Keypoints
------------

* Targets
    * Formal Observations -> lite targets
* Reflection template
    * What, So What (the 'why', the 'understanding'), Now what (actions for their teaching)
* Curriculum
    * Sequence (return to Mentor Foci - Circular Curriculum)
* Subject Knowledge Audit
* SPR -> Targets
    * Teacher Standards (at the end)
    * Formal Observations
* TSP -> AOC
* Visits
    * (Suggested) Joint Observation
* Mentor Experience?



[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[_targets]: ../_targets.md "Targets"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"