Digital poverty
---------------

You can't create meaningful content on a mobile phone, you need a keyboard.

We can't assume young people have a desk at home - let alone access to the ability to sit in a chair and use a computer.



* The poorest low ability children will be hit hardest by the digital divide.
* How do we consider _inclusion_ for:
    * engaging out of school hours
    * remote teaching?
* To progress with computing they need their own dev machine at home. Hardware is expensive.
* If we can't rely on every pupil having a computer - we can't sent tasks for them because that would be 'inequitable' - so now nobody can be set computer work at home.
* With [[browser-development-environments]] Cloud based IDE's like CodeSpaces - pupils can use public computers to code!

Task: (10min) What is the cheapest possible _general purpose_ computer you could recommend to a student?
Share links in shared doc

Even if they have a machine - what about internet connectivity?

### New
* Raspberry Pi 5 (4GB) £50 + Power/Heatsink/Keyboard/Mouse/Storage £25 - [Screen](https://www.amazon.co.uk/s?k=monitor+1080p+hdmi&rh=n%3A428652031&ref=nb_sb_noss) £65 = Total £130?
    * PS3 EyeToy Camera (£5)
    * Modular (Upgradable / Replaceable)
    * Almost Indestructible
    * Not (as) portable as a laptop
    * Linux only
* 13inc laptop - £170? (with webcam)
    * Builtin speakers, webcam, screen
    * Portable - Can move to a quiet room to code - can take their dev environment with them
    * When it gets damaged - whole thing is disposed-of/unusable
    * Windows or Linux
        * Low spec machines will benefit from linux in performance


### Old
* The school will throw away old tech
    * But they can't give it students
        * Support of machines? Software licence (windows?) Disposal of Data?
        * Grey area
* Motivated kids are good at scavenging - some kids need support with this


[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[browser-development-environments]: browser-development-environments.md "browser-development-environments"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"