Impact
======

DeImplement
-----------

The best book!

Most the CPD wants you to "Do More" "Add things". 
This is unsustainable.
I would suggest that if leaders do not have an equal number of strategy for reducing workload, no progress will be made.
* [Making Room for Imact](https://uk.sagepub.com/en-gb/eur/making-room-for-impact/book284976) 2023 Hamilton, Hattie, Wiliam (an all star cast!)

* Framework for leadership to identify things to stop doing
* Options
    * Remove
    * Reduce
    * Replace
    * Re-Engineer
* Theory vs reality of teacher workload (pg16) (Official hours vs Required hours)
* To know 'what' to de-implement, we have to know what is not having an impact

Any time CPD asks you to do more - raise this point and recommend the book. In fact - have the book nearby to hand them!


Personal Recording Impact
-------------------------

* [A beginner’s guide to evidencing your teaching practice](https://doi.org/10.1042/bio_2023_110) 2023 Biochemist Volume 45, Issue 2, David Smith, Katharine Hubbard
    * (The best mini article I have read!)
    * You -> Students -> Module -> Course -> Institution -> Nationally
    * Use a combination of quantitative and qualitative data that tell the overall narrative
    * 

Impact Evaluations
------------------

* [Impact Evaluations of Teacher Preparation Practices: Challenges and Opportunities for More Rigorous Research](https://doi.org/10.3102/00346543231174413)
    * > Many teacher education researchers have expressed concerns about the lack of rigorous impact evaluations of teacher preparation practices.
    * > studies generally under report information about study participants, study site(s), and other contextual factors that influence how teacher preparation practices are implemented. This makes it difficult to determine for whom and in what contexts study findings generalize. I recommend, like others have before, that the field invests in developing shared vocabulary and norms for reporting
    * > Teacher education researchers could also begin to undertake more linked small-scale studies

* see [[whatIsATeacher_unsorted]]

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[whatIsATeacher_unsorted]: whatIsATeacher_unsorted.md "Nonsense - needs rework"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"