Including individuals (30min)
----------------------

ITT CCF
* > 1.1 Teachers have the ability to affect and improve the wellbeing, motivation and behaviour of their pupils


* See also [[gender-questioning]]
* [Teaching and Learning in Diverse and Inclusive Classrooms](https://www.taylorfrancis.com/books/edit/10.4324/9781315687780/teaching-learning-diverse-inclusive-classrooms-gill-richards-felicity-armstrong) - Key issues for new teachers (2015)
    * Chapters include Bullying, Gender, invisibility and Otherness, Gypsy and roaming, challenging students, religion
    * CCCU OpenAthens Login allows download access
    * Chapter 2
        * With Group: Case studies and questions "What could the school have done?" for a range of children
        * > Schools have been required to record all incidents of homophobic bullying since 2010. 
            > Anti-bullying policies should specifically include homophobic and transphobic bullying. 
            > Reasons for bullying can be a reflection of society’s prejudices. 
            > Punishing an act of bullying is a hollow exercise where there is no work done to address the ignorance and misinformation that underlies it.

Consider the Short, medium, long term actions for these students

> Alex is in year 11 and has moved to the school recently. They are currently transitioning gender and left their last school due to bullying. Alex's demeanour is anxious, shy, quiet and reserved. They are not social integrating well.

> Ahmed is in year 9 and is an elective mute. Based on their CAT/SAT's they are progressively underachieving each year. Ahmed is attentive and tries to engage with the work but does not participate in group or class discussions well.

> Janice has poor attendance (87%). Often defiant to instructions. Rarely attempts homework. Year 10.

> Amina is very short sighted. Year 8. She hates being singled out and made to sit at the front, she feels unconformable that everyone is looking at her. She always needs information repeated before she starts a task.

> Sina has english as a second language and always needs additional teacher support to start a task. They either complete programming assignments very well or fails to submit anything. Year 9.

> Brian (Year 7) can reason about tasks verbally, but uses a keyboard so slowly that he has been unable to complete 4 out of the 6 tasks in the space of the lesson this term. He has come back at lunchtime to finish his tasks.

> Add your own from your experience

### Things to consider

* Positive Role Models
* Assistive Technologies/UDL
* Strength-Based Learning Strategies
* Enhanced Human Resource Network
* Affirmative Career Aspirations
* Positive Environmental Modifications

* Neurodiversity vs assessment requirements (can we assess in different ways)

<details>

* autistic girl not diagnosed until 18 (underdiagnosed) and never invited to party
* I don't want to make a game
</details>




Inclusion scenario
==================


### Situation 2 (10min)

* Vertical tutor group - my form
* Socially alienated year 9
    * overweight
    * ADHD (difficulty focusing/remembering)
    * difficulty wearing uniform correctly
    * loud
    * effeminate voice
    * hygiene issues
    * Pleasant manner and (seemingly) acknowledges instructions
        * Repeated instructions
            * "I forgot"; repeated response
            * No impact or meaningful change in behaviour either short term or long term
* TASK: Consider strategies/action-plan for social integration for:
    * The student?
    * Parents?
    * Form group?
    * Subject teachers?
    * Wider school staff?
    * Other support?

<details>

* My form were between 'tolerant' to 'accepting' - One of us
    * peer - planner and pen check each day
    * The wider school was more challenging
</details>


See also


[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[gender-questioning]: gender-questioning.md "gender questioning"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"