Notional Machine
================

* [Greg Wilson: Notional Machine of Python](https://teachtogether.tech/en/index.html#s:models-notional)

TASK (15min): What is your Notional Machine of:
* How do you get a webpage?
* How can your computer do multiple things at once?
* A static language?
* A dynamic language?
* How a computer virus is transmitted
* How an AI image classifier can be trained



* [cambridge-handbook-of-computing-education-research](https://www.cambridge.org/core/books/cambridge-handbook-of-computing-education-research/pedagogic-approaches/6B64002A4E73841A01F32EB1C17E7DE6)
    * > Without an appropriate mental model of a notional machine, it is considered that student knowledge of the programming process and processing languages is “fragile” (Perkins, Schwartz, & Simmons, Reference Perkins, Schwartz, Simmons and Meyer1990) and that challenges faced by novices in learning to program are frequently due to their mental model of the notional machine being “inadequate” (Smith & Webb, Reference Smith and Webb1995). 
    * > Without making the notional machine explicit in our learning processes, we risk students forming incomplete or conflicting mental models that are littered with misconceptions and often informed by guesswork.


* Will cover in future session [[misconceptions]]
    * Novice misconception categories
        * Factual Errors
            * like believing that Vancouver is the capital of British Columbia (it’s Victoria). 
            * These are usually simple to correct.
        * Broken Models
            * like believing that motion and acceleration must be in the same direction.
            * We can address these by having novices reason through examples where their models give the wrong answer.
        * Fundamental beliefs
            * such as “the world is only a few thousand years old” or “some kinds of people are just naturally better at programming than others”.
            * These errors are often deeply connected to the learner’s social identity, so they resist evidence and rationalize contradictions.
            * Using Google and as "Answer engine" not a "Search engine"
                * They are not the answers
            * There is only one network. It's called the internet.

Categorise these misconceptions
* Believing that a desktop and mobile phone next to each other are communicating directly
* `a=[1,2,3]` `b=[1,2,3]` `a==b` (a trap!)
* 


Mental Models
-------------

* Factual errors
    * Simple atomic facts
* Broken models
    * Addressed with logic and reasoning
* Fundamental beliefs
    * No idea that computers could do that - or used like that - or had that impact



https://teachtogether.tech/en/index.html#s:models-notional

Questions: 
1. How do you help identify mental models?
2. How do you help develop mental models?

* Competent people have a mental model of how to approach a common/regular task (e.g. debugging code). Competent people have constructed a model of what to do 'in advance of the problem'.
    * e.g. removing an audience from a difficult student, dropping a lesson completely to tackle a racial or sexual slur.
    * [On Feeling Competent](https://anja.kefala.info/on-feeling-competent.html)

<details>
<summary>Steps to take to fix a bug ...</summary>

* reproduce the bug
* perform a git bisect, or review recent PRs, if it seems to be a recent regression
* read the stacktrace
* inspect the state of the code with a debugger or print statements
* look at unit tests or PRs to learn the expected usage of particular modules
* ask for help from someone with more domain-specific expertise
</details>

Q: What mental models are you building as a teacher?


[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[misconceptions]: misconceptions.md "Misconceptions"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"