SP01
====

* Welcome, Thank-you for joining us


* Computing
    * (G) Aims and purposes of our teaching and learning
        * Course overview and expectations
        * Reflection, tooling and ways of working this year
            * #8/f-Wider-LearnHow-reflect_actions
            * #8/e-Wider-LearnHow-seek_critique
            * #8/2-Wider-LearnThat-reflect
        * Meta-pedagogy (not _tips for teaching_)
            * #8/d-Wider-LearnHow-extend_pedagogy
        * Training _you_ as teachers to _reinvent the profession_
        * Teacher Standards (not a formative assessment tool but a final goal for all lessons)
            * #8/b-Wider-LearnHow-part2_teachers_standards
        * Weekley Targets and SPR - SMART [[_targets]]
            * #8/7-Wider-LearnThat-quality_cpd
            * #8/1-Wider-LearnThat-sustained_cpd
    * (G) What is Computing?
        * 3 strands Computer Science, ICT, [[digitalLiteracy]]
        * National Curriculum (where is the AI?)
        * (G) What are the expectations/misconceptions teaching Computing?
            * Preparing students for a future we are unsure of
            * not just programming - but programming
    * (G2) Pedagogical Content Knowledge (PCK) Introduction to Shulman’s SK and PCK theory
        * What is subject specific pedagogy and how is it defined in subject research?
        * Differences between subject knowledge and subject pedagogy
        * SKA and development
            * #8/c-Wider-LearnHow-cpd_subject_external
    * (G) Accessing and understanding research in Computing
        * Library Search
        * [[ofstedComputing]] research review series: computing  (May 2022)
        * NCCE [Quick Reads](https://blog.teachcomputing.org/tag/quickread/)
        * [[education_research]]
            * EEF Teacher Toolkit
            * #8/g-Wider-LearnHow-research_critique
    * [[courseMechanics]] - Collaborative Teaching Phase
        * [[how-observe]] a lesson (not just a list of descriptions)
        * Which students struggled with in previous years in Computing
    * check 'Professional purpose' statement?
* Mentor Foci (School Direct Only)
    * Discuss with your trainee
        * how progress in learning is evidenced and used in the short and long term in your subject?
        * the adaptations needed to prepare a published resource, sourced by the trainee, to use with a teaching group
    * Compare and contrast different pedagogies used to aid learning when trainees observe two expert teachers teaching the same lesson/ topic or the same class.
    * Mentors should prep for the Early Impressions Teams discussion with the Curriculum Tutor.


* What is Computing
    * Schizophrenic board subject - practical skills (can they type?), hardcore compsci assessment of logic, eSaftey (how do you assess this?),  and social impact (essay questions)
* Computing
    * [Computer Science](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Computer_science)
        * Computer science spans theoretical disciplines (such as algorithms, theory of computation, and information theory)
        * Though more often considered an academic discipline, computer science is closely related to computer programming.
    * [Information and Communication Technology (ICT) in Education](https://www.researchgate.net/publication/360963237_Information_and_Communication_Technology_ICT_in_Education)
        * communicate, create, disseminate, store, and manage information
        * major role in work places, business, education and entertainment
        * exchanging information, teaching methods, learning approaches, access to scientific research and information communication technologies have led many to consider ICT as a catalyst for change
        * "Driving the car" analogy. Video editing, using spreadsheets to manipulate data, Use of email and other communication tools, creating wiki's.
    * [Futurelab handbook: Digital literacy across the curriculum](https://www.nfer.ac.uk/publications/futl06/futl06.pdf)
        * Digital literacy is an important entitlement for all young people in an increasingly digital culture. 
        * It furnishes children and young people with the skills, knowledge and understanding that will help them to take a full and active part in social, cultural, economic, civic and intellectual life now and in the future.
        * To be digitally literate is to have access to a broad range of practices and cultural resources that you are able to apply to digital tools. 
        * It is the ability to make and share meaning in different modes and formats; to create, collaborate and communicate effectively and to understand how and when digital technologies can best be used to support these processes

Old
===

* Introductions
    * [Course overview and expectations](./courseMechanics.md) (1 hour)
    * Reflection, tooling and ways of working this year
* What is Computing? (30 min)
    * 3 strands Computer Science, ICT, Digital Literacy
    * (More What Is Computing + Curriculum -> next week in SP3)
* [Subject Knowledge Development](./subjectKnowledgeDevelopment.md) (30 min)
* [Pedagogical Content Knowledge (PCK)](./pedagogicalContentKnowledge.md) (1 hour)
    * What is subject specific pedagogy and how is it defined in subject research?
    * Differences between subject knowledge and subject pedagogy
* Hands on - Barcode idea (1 hour)
* [How do you learn to teach](./howDoYouLearnToTeach.md) (1 hour)
    * Tacit knowledge - concepts in computing
    * Block Model (Computing example)
    * Meta-pedagogy (not _tips for teaching_)
    * Training _you_ as teachers to _reinvent the profession_
* Accessing and understanding research in Computing
    * [Library Search](https://ulms.ent.sirsidynix.net.uk/client/en_GB/CCCU)
        * [VLEBooks](https://vlebooks.com/)
    * Ofsted [Research review series: computing](https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/research-review-series-computing/research-review-series-computing) May 2022
    * NCCE [Quick Reads](https://blog.teachcomputing.org/tag/quickread/) (1 hour)
        * Investigation + Discussion
    * [Lighthouse Statement](https://forms.office.com/Pages/ResponsePage.aspx?id=2rIgA90iq02MIW5kS6FPE4bZosdBzY5AvRurHpjUivVUNDdFT1g3NjExRTg5V0dPWUxPOEVEVDBSSC4u)


Introductions
-------------

### Who am I?

My background
* 7 years teaching ICT and Computing in secondary schools - Practical battle experience
* 10 years as a senior developer in central London across a range of domains
* (2 years sessions) + 2 year formally as Lecturer in Education. (You are my 5th cohort)
* I will be constantly upskilling this for the rest of my career

I have my own ideas about how to teach computing
* Multiple languages at once
* Freedom (self direct-ish)/project based/Creativity (removal of hierarchy)
* Unit tests, Pair programming (talking about code and collaborating), Version control
But this course is not about my _opinions_ or about my preferred teaching methods.
You must develop your own critically to develop your own subject pedagogy knowledge.

### Who are you?

TASK: 120 second summary
* Rough background (education, work)
* Course: PGCE, 7-14 or SchoolDirect?
* What are you exited about this year
* What are you fearful about this year (we are all vulnerable)

The burden of learning to teach - the _expert beginner_
Primary->Secondary->Uni->Career1Employment1->Career1Employment2->Retraining->Career2Employment1

### Quick Thumb-up-o-meter

* Multiple languages?
* Version control?
* Linux?

### You will outgrow my support

* Right now I might look to you like some super-human teaching deity.
* By the end of this course you will feel completely differently.
* I'm just some dude doing a job like you.
* By the end of this year you will have outgrown the support I can give you.
* At the celebration day at the end of the course we will just be a bunch of professionals sitting around and talking about education.



Other Endings Notes
===================

Inspection Copy Request for Books
----------------------------------
* [PG Online](https://www.pgonline.co.uk/resources/computer-science/)
    * [OCR GCSE J277 Computer Science](https://www.pgonline.co.uk/resources/computer-science/gcse-ocr/gcse-ocr-computer-science-j277/)


[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[_targets]: _targets.md "Targets"
[digitalLiteracy]: digitalLiteracy.md "Digital Literacy"
[ofstedComputing]: ofstedComputing.md "Ofsted Computing"
[education_research]: education_research.md "Education Research"
[courseMechanics]: courseMechanics.md "Course Mechanics (1 hour)"
[how-observe]: how-observe.md "How to observe a lesson"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"