SP8 (PGCE)
===

* [CAS Trainee & ECT Community](https://www.computingatschool.org.uk/communities/cas-trainee-and-ect-community)
    * New CAS group setup
* Paid recruitment events
    * See bulletin


ITAP Pilot
----

* Deans for Impact [Deliberate Practice](https://www.deansforimpact.org/tools-and-resources/practice-with-purpose-the-emerging-science-of-teacher-expertise) - Practice with Purpose
    * Push beyond comfort zone
        * (struggle required)
    * Well defined goals
        * (Specific)
    * Intensify the focus
        * JUST the thing you want to work on (not always a whole classroom/class)
    * respond to feedback
    * Develop new mental models
        * (what changes to your model have happened)
* Deliberate Practice
    * Allan's pop psychology commentary (from an utterly untrained perspective)
        * By virtue to conducting an action in a 'fake/simulated' environment, you've been though the process of doing some of the thinking/acting, and allocated more time to thinking about it (more time than just skimming a paragraph of text once). 
        * This then put's the concept/technique in your cognitive "back pocket" and you're more likely to attempt to use it, because it's now a known pattern to you.
            * (see arguments about free-will - "you can only be free to chose things you know exist")


* CCF Focus
    * A predictable and secure environment benefits all pupils, but is particularly valuable for pupils with special educational needs. #7/2-Behaviour-LearnThat-consistent_reward_sanction
    * Giving manageable, specific and sequential instructions. #7/d-Behaviour-LearnHow-specific_sequential_instruction
    * Using consistent language and non-verbal signals for common classroom directions. #7/f-Behaviour-LearnHow-non_verbal

* 10:00 to 11:30 - Approximation of Practice (Microteach)
    * focussing on giving manageable, specific and sequential instructions which includes feedback to trainees (peer/tutor/both)
        * Deliver a 10 min teaching episode on "Cyber security threats" (if KS4? see AQA spec for more details. if KS3? Consider [[eSafety]] "Keeping children safe in education 2022")
* Compare changing attitudes of ITAP?
    * [Menti](https://www.menti.com/alx1aobb9qvr)
        * Mark Roberts questions in the first lecture of the ITAP week. 
        * run the same questions past groups on Friday to see if they elicit a different response?  [pdf](Questions here: https://cccu-my.sharepoint.com/:b:/g/personal/ek50_canterbury_ac_uk/EQ2YXcqFc9dLsiV4wVKtgSwBSRaNc0nMA8J7RcHkLEyr0Q?e=adPmJn)
    * Has this week changed your perspective? why? why not?
* Self assessment template (see blackboard)
    * Improve it
    * How will you know they can use it effectively
    * (Side note?: Map to the NC?)
* [[sen-code-of-practice]] (1 hour)
    * break and group dissection
* [[equity-of-attainment]]
* [[inclusion_labels]]
* [[inclusion-endgame]]
* [[protected-characteristics]]
* [[teacher-student-relationships-in-classroom]]
* Deliberate Practice - Reintegration conversations
    * [[behaviour]] revisit "Resolutions - Discussions with students"
    * In pairs - decide on an incident (hopefully one you have seen)
        * (consider secondary behaviours to identify)
    * Roleplay the reintegration at the door
        * Steps
            1. Regulate
            2. Relate
            3. Reason
            4. Reintegrate
        * Time your the exchange
        * Keep eye on room
* 15:00 ITAP Evaluation (15min)
    * Evaluate the ITAP and reflect on feedback to take forward to placement 1
    * https://canterbury.onlinesurveys.ac.uk/itap-pilot-evaluation-secondary-student
* Mentor Foci WB 6th Nov
    * Task: Find examples of where students level of Digital Literacy has impacted on their ability to engage with a task.
    * How is the school’s conceptualisation of how children learn best evidenced in our subject level planning?
        * Task: How are unplugged activities used in computing lessons to convey complex abstract concepts?
    * Revisit CTP activities to discuss key learning and progress, and subject knowledge audit specifically in relation to the department curriculum and approaches to effective subject pedagogy
    * Task: Find examples of how questions and questioning can been used: identifying prior knowledge, drilling down into misconception, extending/stretching understanding.
        * #6/d-Assessment-LearnHow-identify_misconceptions_in_lesson 
        * #6/e-Assessment-LearnHow-identify_misconceptions



* Original Curriculum points
    * (G) Critical evaluation of learning theories
    * The inclusion conundrum
    * SEND code of practice
    * Technology to aid learning
    * Effective observations - using formal education terminology







[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[eSafety]: eSafety.md "eSafety"
[sen-code-of-practice]: sen-code-of-practice.md "sen-code-of-practice"
[equity-of-attainment]: equity-of-attainment.md "equity-of-attainment"
[inclusion_labels]: inclusion_labels.md "Inclusion Labels"
[inclusion-endgame]: inclusion-endgame.md "Inclusion Endgame"
[protected-characteristics]: protected-characteristics.md "Protected Characteristics"
[teacher-student-relationships-in-classroom]: reading_summaries/teacher-student-relationships-in-classroom.md "Teacher–Students Relationships in the Classroom"
[behaviour]: behaviour.md "Behaviour"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"