SP19
====


Last SD!
Friday 26th April - 09:00

* SQ 9: How do you lead learning?
    * Developing classroom practice to become an autonomous practitioner who has an impact on learners, learning and progress
        * Embrace innovation, creativity and risk taking
        * Becoming fully responsible for learning; working with, and leading, others
        * Employ reflexive strategies that challenge, secure learning and ensure significant progress for all learners



* Mentor WB 29th April
    * Task: How do school give cpd opportunities to facilitate staff growth/experimentation/time in computing compared to other subject
        * #8/a-Wider-LearnHow-cpd_specific_sustained
        * #8/c-Wider-LearnHow-cpd_subject_external
    * How do I independently lead learning in my subject? 
    * How does this department build a sense of pupil agency, enjoyment of a subject and a willingness to take creative risks in their learning?
        * Task: What opportunities are there for students to participate in autonomous projects or creativity in Computing? 
            * Consider how creativity/autonomy could be included in an upcoming lesson

* Computing
    * (G) Risk taking and innovation in Computing
    * (G) [[creativity]] and fun in learning Computing
    * (G) Promoting pupil independence
    * Understanding your [[impact]]
    * Your wider professional role: Supporting colleagues in your institution with Computing
    * Effective [[cpd]] (Continued Professional Development)
        * Measuring impact
        * Ways to Share good practice
        * Networking with other Computing practitioners leading to career development [[wider_knowledge_network]]
    * Effective long term targets




Old
===

<details>
<summary>old</summary>


Remaining
---------

* Independent Teaching Phase

* PGCE
    * 8 weeks left of course = 36 School Days
        * 4 weeks of 4 days (bank hol + SP20 + Presentation + Final) +  4 * 5 days (full weeks)
* SD (Final Session)
    * 5 Weeks of teaching before Final Assessment in mid June
    * 10 weeks until summer




Spotlight Questions
----------

* SQ 9: How do you lead learning?
    * Developing classroom practice to become an autonomous practitioner who has an impact on learners, learning and progress
    * Learning Objectives
        * Embrace innovation, creativity and risk taking
        * Becoming fully responsible for learning; working with, and leading, others
        * Employ reflexive strategies that challenge, secure learning and ensure significant progress for all learners
* SQ 10: What is my impact?
    * Evaluating impact on pupil learning, progress and development of professional identity
    * Learning Objectives
        * Articulate ambitions for self and learners through reflection of personal journey and progress to date 
        * Identify next steps and plan for ECT years  
        * Critique and evaluate the research and practice of self and others


Mentor Led Foci
---------------
* WB 24th April
    * How is data most effectively used within the department?
    * How does the department build pupil resilience and motivation? What are the barriers and what works to overcome them?
    * How does this department build a sense of pupil agency, enjoyment of a subject and a willingness to take creative risks in their learning?
* WB 2nd May
    * What are my targets and foci in ITP and towards final grading?  
    * How can I progress further?  


Overview
--------

Break the mould and move beyond

* Taking a risk [[creativeTeaching]] (40min)
    * Risk taking and innovation in Computing
    * Creativity and fun in learning Computing
* [[cpd]]
    * Your professional role: Supporting colleagues in your institution with Computing
    * Effective CPD (Continued Professional Development)
        * Measuring impact
        * Sharing good practice
        * Networking with other Computing practitioners
* Memo to next years cohort (30min)
* Overflow
    * Promoting pupil independence - [[practical]] NCCE white paper 2022
    * [[managingData]]

<details>

Blog?
Physical?
Innovative classroom
  wireless vnc tablet (sleep)
Online trailblazer?

CI for module progress
Live code visualiser

Data progress example?
</details>


ePortfolio
----------

https://cccu.padlet.org/sharron_mackenzie1/e-portfolio-support-point-388pdbhmkg32eajr


Reflecting on the year: memo to next years cohort (30min)
----------------------

<details>

Add in future:
* Return to ‘professional purpose’ statement from induction 1, how has this evolved?
* [Lighthouse Statement](https://forms.office.com/Pages/ResponsePage.aspx?id=2rIgA90iq02MIW5kS6FPE4bZosdBzY5AvRurHpjUivVUNDdFT1g3NjExRTg5V0dPWUxPOEVEVDBSSC4u)
</details>

### Memo to next years cohort and final reflections (30min)

* MSForms
    * [Reflecting on the year (Advice to next cohort)](https://forms.office.com/Pages/ResponsePage.aspx?id=2rIgA90iq02MIW5kS6FPE4bZosdBzY5AvRurHpjUivVUOTRMMkgxMUNYSDU3M1RZNVFZUzZMMzFGVS4u)
        1. What advice/wisdom would you give to next years PGCE/SD students? This could be (anonymously) conveyed in the first session next year.
    * [Reflecting on the year (doing it differently)](https://forms.office.com/Pages/ResponsePage.aspx?id=2rIgA90iq02MIW5kS6FPE4bZosdBzY5AvRurHpjUivVUQThLMDNZVVg3UjJKSEtDUVQyUUU3UEY0Ti4u)
        1. What could Christ Church (in general) do differently?
        2. What could I (as a subject tutor) do differently?
        3. What could you have done differently?

</details>

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[creativity]: creativity.md "Creativity"
[impact]: impact.md "Impact"
[cpd]: cpd.md "CPD"
[wider_knowledge_network]: national_documentation/wider_knowledge_network.md "Wider"
[creativeTeaching]: creativeTeaching.md "Creative Teaching (1 hour)"
[practical]: practical.md "Practical"
[managingData]: managingData.md "Managing Data"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"