SP20
====

Rg36
Mdf02 12:30 to 13:30 choir

* SQ 9: How do you lead learning?
* SQ 10: What is my impact?
    * Evaluating impact on pupil learning, progress and development of professional identity
    * Learning Objectives
        * Articulate ambitions for self and learners through reflection of personal journey and progress to date 
        * Identify next steps and plan for ECT years  
        * Critique and evaluate the research and practice of self and others

* Generic
    * Professional practice and relationships, identifying my impact on pupil progress through reflection, evaluation and research. 
    * Meaningfully using data and Pupil Progress Bundles
    * What are the key questions for me? What is and what is not my impact? What innovative practice will I take with me to ECT year?
    * Consider [Research Methods in Education](https://www.vlebooks.com/Product/Index/57882) Cohen, Louis 2007
* Mentor
    * Discuss the impact your student has had being adaptable and inclusive.
        * In the department and in the wider school?
        * How do you know? How do others know?
    * Discuss the impact your student has had with Stretch and Challenge.
        * In the department and in the wider school?
        * How do you know? How do others know?
    * Discuss the impact your student has had with behaviour.
        * In the department and in the wider school?
        * How do you know? How do others know?
    * Discuss the impact your student has had with planning lessons.
        * In the department and in the wider school?
        * How do you know? How do others know?
    * Discuss the impact your student has had with relationships
        * In the department and in the wider school?
        * How do you know? How do others know?
    * Discuss the impact your student has had with assessment leading to longer term strategic decisions. 
        * In the department and in the wider school?
        * How do you know? How do others know?
* Missed previously
    * (G) Risk taking and innovation in Computing
    * (G) [[creativity]] [[creativeTeaching]] and fun in learning Computing
        * [Apple faces celebrity backlash over piano crushing](https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/articles/cld0rxlqgggo) BBC (yesterday at time of writing)
            * iPad?
    * (G) Promoting pupil independence
    * Understanding your [[impact]]
        * [[managingData]] - Progress8 calculation activity
    * PP Preparation
        * Support


* [[policy]]


<details>
<summary>Old</summary>

Old
===

Overview
--------

* Policy (1 hour)
* Ofsted: Research Review Computing (1 hour)
* Lesson Impact (1 hour)
* Memo to next years cohort (1 hour)


* [[policy]]

Ofsted: Research Review Computing (1 hour)
---------------------------------

* [Ofsted: Research Review Computing](https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/research-review-series-computing/research-review-series-computing) May 2022
    * My highlights [ofstedComputing](./ofstedComputing.md)

TASK: Divide and conquer? Take a segment
1. Consider the Impact of this nationally
2. Consider the Impact of this in your teaching for your ECT year
    * Action points?


Lesson Impact
-------------

* Think about the range of lessons you have delivered this year.
* Pick a total of two lessons/topics that you think would be interesting to talk/mention/discuss with the rest of the group.
* Don't spend time preparing anything formal, but I do want you to think about taking the projector for a few mins to talk about your lesson/topic.
* For each topic we can discuss between us the possible impact our lesson/topic might have had and what we might do in future to evidence/expand that impact.

</details>

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[creativity]: creativity.md "Creativity"
[creativeTeaching]: creativeTeaching.md "Creative Teaching (1 hour)"
[impact]: impact.md "Impact"
[managingData]: managingData.md "Managing Data"
[policy]: policy.md "policy"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"